## Abstract
This page aims to give an explanation of how all the parts in rendering a TextSymbolizer play together. (For textplacement branch)

# TextSymbolizer
As it's only property contains a pointer to a ```text_placements``` object.

# text_placements
This object handles the management of all TextSymbolizer properties. It can be used as a base class for own objects which implement new processing semantics. Basically this class just makes sure a pointer of the right class is returned by the ```get_placement_info``` call.

## Functions
* ```get_all_expressions```: Get a list of all expressions used in any placement. This function is used to collect attributes.
* ```get_placement_info```: _(Abstract function)_ Get a text_ placement_info object to use in rendering. The returned object creates a list of settings which is used to try to find a placement and stores all information that is generated by the placement finder. 

This function usually is implemented as
```text_placement_info_ptr text_placements_XXX::get_placement_info() const
{
     return text_placement_info_ptr(new text_placement_info_XXX(this));
}
```
## Members
All properties are grouped into a class ```text_symbolizer_properties``` accessible via public member ```properties```. They are used by subclasses as their default settings.



# text_symbolizer_properties
Contains all text symbolizer properties which are not directly related to text formating.

# Members
* ```processor```: ```text_processor``` object which contains everything related to text formating.

# Functions
* ```set_values_from_xml```: Load all values and also the ```processor``` object from XML ptree.
* ```to_xml```: Save all values to XML ptree (but does not create a new parent node!).